Explore a bounded fictional world as an ordinary agent. Work on only the specified aim and the branch intent chosen in this arm's earlier independent planning call. Consider possible alternatives internally, then return your best coherent candidate. Do not silently change the constraints.

World premise:
A lagoon’s water level changes at each dusk in the repeating order 0, 1, 2, 3, 0. A band of porous stone can be walked across at levels 0 or 1, but is submerged at levels 2 or 3. Floating reeds can take root on that band only while it is submerged; rooted reeds remain there when the level falls. Residents may undertake projects around the lagoon using ordinary hand tools. They cannot change the water cycle or the stone band.

Initial state facts and types:
{"water_level":0,"rooted_reed_patches":0}
Both fact keys are integers.

Declared hard constraints and verification status:
1. Water level cannot be below zero. A numeric check verifies water_level >= 0.
2. Water level cannot exceed three. A numeric check verifies water_level <= 3.
3. Rooted reed patch count cannot be negative. A numeric check verifies rooted_reed_patches >= 0.
4. Water level advances one step at each dusk in the order 0, 1, 2, 3, 0. This requires judgment of the described sequence and facts; the numeric checks do not establish it.
5. Stone is walkable only at levels 0–1; reeds root there only at levels 2–3 and remain rooted afterward. This requires judgment of the described sequence and facts; the numeric checks do not establish it.

The two exploration aims are:
1. Arrangement: “Develop a coherent consequential arrangement or adaptation within this world.”
2. Failure: “Develop a plausible failure of an arrangement within this world and what follows from that failure.”

Applicable aim: Arrangement.
Chosen branch intent: Coordinate alternating access and maintenance work around the stone band according to its walkable and submerged phases.

Return only one strict JSON object with exactly two fields: "description" (a nonblank substantive narrative of approximately 400 words or fewer) and "facts" (a complete replacement map with exactly the integer keys water_level and rooted_reed_patches). Describe the candidate's causal consequences and make its facts consistent with the prior state and described dusk cycle, traversal, and reed rooting. Do not include markdown, commentary, or additional fields.