Independently critique exactly one proposed branch in a bounded fictional world. You have no other branch candidate. Do not revise or replace this candidate. Apply the declared hard constraints separately; numeric checks are facts about submitted integers only, not proof of narrative consistency. Assess causal depth, non-obvious consequences not supplied by the premise, internal consistency, usefulness for descendant exploration, weaknesses and counterexamples. Branch diversity cannot be established from this candidate alone. Do not assign an aggregate creativity score.

World premise:
A lagoon’s water level changes at each dusk in the repeating order 0, 1, 2, 3, 0. A band of porous stone can be walked across at levels 0 or 1, but is submerged at levels 2 or 3. Floating reeds can take root on that band only while it is submerged; rooted reeds remain there when the level falls. Residents may undertake projects around the lagoon using ordinary hand tools. They cannot change the water cycle or the stone band.

Initial facts and types:
{"water_level":0,"rooted_reed_patches":0}
Both fact keys are integers. A candidate supplies a complete replacement state.

Declared hard constraints and verification status:
1. Water level cannot be below zero. Mechanically checked by integer_min_v1 with parameters {"fact":"water_level","minimum":0}.
2. Water level cannot exceed three. Mechanically checked by integer_max_v1 with parameters {"fact":"water_level","maximum":3}.
3. Rooted reed patch count cannot be negative. Mechanically checked by integer_min_v1 with parameters {"fact":"rooted_reed_patches","minimum":0}.
4. Water level advances one step at each dusk in the order 0, 1, 2, 3, 0. Evaluator-judged, not mechanically checked.
5. Stone is walkable only at levels 0–1; reeds root there only at levels 2–3 and remain rooted afterward. Evaluator-judged, not mechanically checked.

The two fixed exploration aims are:
1. Arrangement: “Develop a coherent consequential arrangement or adaptation within this world.”
2. Failure: “Develop a plausible failure of an arrangement within this world and what follows from that failure.”

Applicable aim: Failure.
Declared intent: Examine the breakdown of a time-dependent crossing arrangement when a planned task misses its usable water-level window.

Candidate to critique (exact returned JSON):
{"description":"Residents schedule a supply crossing for the second exposed phase, level 1, expecting enough time to move tools and gathered reeds across the porous stone before the next dusk. Work on shore takes longer than planned, however, and the loaded group reaches the band only after dusk has advanced the lagoon from level 1 to level 2. The crossing is now submerged and cannot be walked. The residents abandon the attempted crossing rather than treating the missed schedule as permission to use the stone underwater. Some floating reeds that had been gathered for later work are left near the band while the delayed supplies remain on their original shore. During levels 2 and 3, one cluster of those reeds settles onto the submerged porous stone and takes root. By the time the cycle returns through dusk from level 3 to level 0, the stone is exposed and walkable again, but the missed task has not simply been postponed unchanged: the rooted cluster now occupies part of the crossing surface and remains there after the water falls. Residents can resume moving supplies across the exposed band, but must route their traffic around the persistent patch or spend additional hand-tool labor managing access beside it. The original timing failure therefore creates a lasting spatial complication. A task planned around a temporary crossing window loses that window, material staged for the task interacts with the band during the intervening submerged phases, and the next usable crossing period begins from a different physical arrangement than the one on which the schedule was based.","facts":{"water_level":0,"rooted_reed_patches":1}}

Mechanical check results for this candidate:
1. Water level cannot be below zero. Validator integer_min_v1; observed water_level=0; passed.
2. Water level cannot exceed three. Validator integer_max_v1; observed water_level=0; passed.
3. Rooted reed patch count cannot be negative. Validator integer_min_v1; observed rooted_reed_patches=1; passed.
No check above mechanically verifies dusk progression, traversal, submersion, rooting, or persistence. Address these two evaluator-judged constraints explicitly:
- Does any described change in water level match the number of dusks elapsed and the fixed 0–1–2–3–0 cycle?
- Are traversal, submersion, reed rooting, and persistence consistent with the specified water levels?

Return only one complete JSON object with exactly: "verdict" (one of "retain", "limited", "reject", "retain_negative_finding"), "rationale" (nonblank string), "uncertainty" (nonblank string), "limitations" (array of nonblank strings), and "judgment" (nonblank string). Ground the verdict in evidence and counterexamples. Keep the substantive response to approximately 250 words or fewer. Do not include markdown or additional fields.